good evening once again de 1197 of the
Trump administration 187 days to go
until our presidential election the
daily White House coronavirus task force
press conference seems to have
temporarily gone away but the president
has found a way each day thus far to
talk about the corona virus as he did
today at two different events first
hosting the New Jersey Governor Phil
Murphy in the Oval Office and at an
event concerning senior citizens later
in the East Room with the death toll
over 62,000 Americans the president
today suggested when looked at another
way it's not so bad and I quote our
death totals our numbers per million
people are really very very strong he
said quote were the leader of the world
were really the leader in this case the
leader of the world and we've done
better if you look at our deaths if you
look at mortality rates if you look at
the things about our current situation
in this pandemic he said quote this is
what it is it's this period of time the
Trump administration's coronavirus
efforts continue to get positive reviews
from Trump himself quote I have to say
it because the news is so fake and so
corrupt we did a spectacular job the
president said today he has solved the
problem with the food supply chain he
further said quote the testing and the
masks and all of the things we've solved
every problem beyond his recent effort
to deflect as much of the blame to China
as often as possible today he went as
far as to indicate he has a high degree
of confidence this started in the Wuhan
virology lab and today he continued to
make it about his own politics he said
again quote China doesn't want to see me
elected and he added this quote I don't
want to cast any dispersions I just will
tell you that China would like to see
sleepy Jo by
in the real world we occupy tonight the
u.s. death toll continues to rise as of
airtime this evening there is the number
it stands at just under 63,000 at the
start of this month there were over
4,700 deaths one more sign of these very
difficult times now more than 30 million
Americans are out of a job the numbers
of people who are now turning to food
banks to feed themselves and their
families is staggering today one of
Trump senior economic advisors told
Americans to be ready for Depression era
levels of unemployment by June we're
talking about between 16 and 20 percent
Trump had hoped to make a booming
economy the keystone of his reelection
campaign today he faced questions about
the growing number of people without a
paycheck what is your plan to get the
country out of this ditch
well I think we're gonna have a great
third quarter I view what we have now is
obviously a period of here we are this
it is what it is I'll take you to a mess
let me just tell you we have we started
off with empty cupboards the last
administration left us nothing
Trump was also asked for his thoughts on
how voters should think about his
administration's response to the
pandemic when they go to the polls in
November it isn't fair to the voters to
take into consideration your handling of
the pandemic when they assess whether to
reelect you in the fall I sure I think
they do I think they have to do a number
of things they do have to do that and
not me
I think our whole group has been
spectacular president said today quote
were being generous with people who lost
their jobs and as he seeks to turn the
nation's attention to reopening he is
pushing his health care officials to
quickly ramp up development of a vaccine
there's been no official public
announcement of what's being called
Operation warp-speed it's been reported
that the goal is to have 300 million
doses of vaccine available by January
this is a vaccine operation for speed
charge of that and are you
over-promising when you say you're going
to have 300 million doses of vaccine you
know I'm not over promise yet whatever
the maximum is whatever you can humanly
do we're going to have you know as a
judge of it honestly I am I'll tell you
I'm really a judge of it federal
guidelines recommending social
distancing will expire less than an hour
from now tomorrow more states will begin
the process of loosening those stay at
home restrictions while allowing some
businesses to reopen even amid the
continuing rise in Kovach cases and the
lack of testing nationwide yet many
hard-hit states are wrestling with how
to return to some semblance of normal
while safeguarding public health in
Michigan protesters some carrying
firearms gathered at the Statehouse in
Lansing as lawmakers weighed whether to
extend the state of emergency tonight
the governor went ahead extended it by a
month 28 days after lawmakers refused in
California images of people at Orange
County beaches over this past weekend in
defiance of a stay at home order push
that state's governor to announce a
temporary hard close in New York City
amid concerns about growing homelessness
population the spread of the virus
that's led state officials to suspend
overnight subway service between 1:00
a.m. and 5:00 a.m. every night for
cleaning and disinfecting starting next
week and of course the unfortunate truth
is cleaning makes us all feel better but
a surface is clean until the first
person who comes along and touches it
meanwhile the Vice President was at a GM
plant in his home state of Indiana today
notably wearing a mask
two days after coming under heavy fire
for not wearing one at the Mayo Clinic
of all places
despite their stated policy calling for
masks back in Washington the president
was asked if he plans to wear one during
an upcoming trip to Arizona now I'm
going to look at seek you know where I
am here's a place that we all feel very
comfortable everybody spread out it's a
very big room
but as far as where I'm going in Arizona
I'm gonna have to look at the climate I
would have no problem wearing a mask oh
we have millions of masks
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos